JaylenePeterson-Nyren  0:06  
Good morning.

Gary Ricke  0:07  
Hey, good morning.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  0:09  
How are you doing?

Gary Ricke  0:10  
I'm doing all right in yourself,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  0:12  
good, sorry, I had to turn my video and audio on again. Strange,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  0:17  
you

Gary Ricke  0:19  
had to turn what on?

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  0:21  
Oh, I did zoom. I had to go in and turn on my video again after I just had it on. So it was so weird.

Gary Ricke  0:30  
Well, by default, the way I have it set up is to have your video off so that you can choose so you're not surprised.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  0:37  
Yes, that that I do appreciate so Robert and who are joining us? Roberta as well. Maybe, I'm not sure who's all on the invite.

Gary Ricke  0:52  
Well, they're all on there. I see,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  0:55  
okay,

Gary Ricke  0:56  
Roberta's note taker showed up.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  1:00  
We had a joke about that. I was so funny, like that. Roberta, are you here? No,

Speaker 1  1:08  
she's

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  1:09  
so she had so that's so strange. I when I first what, I'm not quite two months yet into this role and all of the meetings that I was in with Roberta, I get an email from AI, and she was like, I don't know why that's happening. I never sent you an email. But everybody like for meetings, like, if she's, did she set this one up? Or did you?

Gary Ricke  1:36  
No, she she set up the note taker. That's

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  1:40  
but

Gary Ricke  1:42  
it's

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  1:43  
so I don't know, is it taking notes right now? Or,

Gary Ricke  1:48  
yeah, it takes notes. So by default, it tries to join the meetings. It tries to go to any meeting calendar.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  1:54  
Okay,

Gary Ricke  1:56  
yeah,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  1:58  
it's so funny. Mean, Roberta and I were in a meeting, and then that AI kept popping up and everything. And it was something I can't even remember the context right now, but we had a good chuckle about it. And Robert had just got off the phone, I think, with Roberta, and we're like, oh, Robert sending his AI note taker, make sure something's happening. And, oh, yeah, watch what you say. AI is here listening to you,

Speaker 1  2:26  
right? Oh, man,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  2:28  
is Roberta. She's invited, right? But

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  2:34  
she's sick today.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  2:35  
She Oh, okay, all right, poor thing. I hope she's feeling better. So anyhow, I'm I'm here. I'm present, happy Monday, yes.

Gary Ricke  2:49  
So I went through and I added all the changes that you guys had sent

Speaker 2  2:55  
through.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  2:55  
Wow. Okay,

Gary Ricke  2:56  
so we'll go over those, and

Speaker 2  2:59  
then

Gary Ricke  2:59  
I'm going to show you something else really quick there. So let me get Okay,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  3:04  
let

Gary Ricke  3:05  
me just make sure it's up where it's supposed to be.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  3:15  
I'm gonna, let's see if you'd like to stop the recordings for otter note takers in this meeting, you can type otter stop in the Zoom chat. The other thing about the the joke about this otter meeting is she's not using the chat. I don't think she's getting anything. Is she Robert?

Gary Ricke  3:33  
She should be getting an email that says the meeting was recorded.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  3:38  
Okay. Do you want to record it?

Gary Ricke  3:40  
Yeah, I'm letting it go, because then she can go and she can go visit and see what the everything that was discussed,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  3:46  
sounds good. You know what? I will follow up with her on that because I'm curious. So,

Gary Ricke  3:51  
yeah, I

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  3:52  
don't think she's used it in that way before.

Gary Ricke  3:54  
Yeah, she should, actually, I think it's a, it's a nice feature. Okay,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  3:57  
well, let's when I talk to her next. I'll ask about it. Okay, so you got all of the the massive email that I sent you, the the edits for discussion. Did that make sense as well, like for our internal

Gary Ricke  4:17  
Yes, so I'm gonna so this is and I'll just pop this in the chat, just just to keep you guys posted.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  4:27  
I love that chat,

Gary Ricke  4:29  
yeah, or Lim and then. So I think what, what may be helpful is, I, so when you go to the site here, and you can go through everything and see everything that was changed. If you go all the way to the bottom, there's this little a in the corner that's a little opaque. And when you click on it, we get all of our little internal documents here. And so if I click on project status, this shows what we have done. 90 to 95% ready. We are here may 22 discussion items settled. That's kind of the goal, right? Like, and then June 1 go live, so that came from your documents, right? And then here shows the things that were done today, each one of these things, so you can, again, go to the site, but also see here. And then things that were done.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  5:37  
Do we have access to that as we're going through the Edit, like, when,

Gary Ricke  5:43  
yes. What's that

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  5:45  
like? If I if you So, the one that we're going into to look at, can we click on that ourselves and see everything that you're pulling up?

Gary Ricke  5:52  
Yes. So,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  5:53  
okay,

Gary Ricke  5:54  
yeah. So if you go to the site, the link I just sent you,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  5:57  
yes,

Gary Ricke  5:58  
and just go all the way down on the bottom there's, do you see this a,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  6:03  
okay, got it.

Gary Ricke  6:05  
So if you click on that, you can go to the brand guide. These are developer docs. These are for for the donation all that kind of stuff.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  6:13  
Okay, wonderful.

Gary Ricke  6:14  
The project status is this document that we're looking at?

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  6:18  
Okay? Perfect. Thank you.

Gary Ricke  6:20  
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so,

Speaker 3  6:25  
right, oh, you don't want to

Gary Ricke  6:29  
now what it's not showing, what I thought it was going to show. That I want to add is, ah, here we go up up next, May 11 through 12. Staff, bios, board, BIOS may 14, integrate into the about team. May 22 settle all yellow flag discussion items. I

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  6:52  
have a question. Can we go back to the BIOS? Do

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  6:54  
you

Gary Ricke  6:55  
want to go directly and look

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  6:57  
at

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  6:57  
the BIOS? We could Yes, I think that'd be good use of a minute, a couple minutes. My question is that what I had offered so for staff, for a lot of staff, and for anybody, it's very difficult to write about ourselves, especially kind of I think it's probably difficult for anybody, wow, okay, I'm blown away about how you made that picture look like a portrait. That's insane,

Gary Ricke  7:26  
yes. So, yeah, I took the picture off

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  7:29  
that ferris wheel in my right. Yeah.

Gary Ricke  7:36  
Let's see. I can show you the original here. Let me show you the original.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  7:39  
Yeah, that wasn't what I was gonna say. But I'm like, Wow, I can't believe that.

Gary Ricke  7:46  
So this was the that,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  7:48  
yeah,

Gary Ricke  7:50  
right there.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  7:53  
The nice picture, though, good picture.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  7:55  
I like that picture. And I may decide, and we may decide we want the more, less formal, but I'm blown away by that.

Gary Ricke  8:03  
The other, the other thing I

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  8:04  
was, here's a little wind blown for a suit jacket.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  8:09  
It doesn't look bad, you know, I wonder, what about background of like, I liked the background of the Ferris Wheel. I didn't know it was a Ferris wheel, but it was background of scenery was kind of nice,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  8:19  
yeah.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  8:21  
Well, not that exact background, but that wasn't a bad picture. It makes her look normal. I mean, yeah, you look normal daily, yeah.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  8:35  
So, so the question I had was more about the content as well, like, like mine, my bio is not in its full final draft. I have staff who've never written a bio before, or, you know, they they actually wanted a list of questions, which so we're all answering the same list of questions. Is there a way that AI can look at that and kind of make them not, they're not going to be apples to apples, but to have the same,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  9:10  
yes,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  9:10  
okay, because, because I was going to go in and try to edit them myself, but I, I think if that's If that well,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  9:20  
that that's

Gary Ricke  9:21  
what it did with yours, is it skimmed it down to get from your large paragraph, to just get something that fits naturally within kind of and if we, I don't think we do. But if we wanted to have it open up, a pop up with a full bio, we could, but I don't know that that makes a difference in

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  9:39  
terms, I

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  9:39  
don't think that we need

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  9:41  
that so quick, quick question, is there a way that we could just record people introducing themselves and talk about, you know, the general where you're from, you know, however, because we do that really well, but you give me a blank sheet of paper to try and type into, and I'm just wondering if we recorded it Gary and got it to you, and then You can just let ai do its magic.

Gary Ricke  10:02  
That's exactly what I was going to recommend. Is that for another client, same problem is, I told him just do a zoom interview. So have just have have him talk to somebody, just send me the Zoom link or whatever. But you just just have a quick conversation

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  10:20  
and ask the same questions.

Gary Ricke  10:22  
Yeah, yeah. So if somebody's asking them the questions, that's what they that really, people really need, or makes them more comfortable,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  10:29  
is

Gary Ricke  10:30  
being able to talk about themselves to somebody.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  10:33  
Well, we could do that, I guess, with with Zoom, and then we'd have to have maybe Roberta's otter AI or something with us to record the conversation.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  10:43  
You can record on the Zoom, and then we could send that to him, yeah,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  10:47  
from the note taker. Okay,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  10:49  
yeah,

Gary Ricke  10:49  
the, well, the AI would work too. The otter AI would. You could record it that way and send me that link so you can get that that gives you the exact transcript. That's actually probably better now that I think

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  11:00  
about

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  11:00  
it. Okay, we will. We will work on that. I guess I need to do a little tutorial on note taker and recording as a backup, in case we can't do the otter. Okay, good. Thank you. Ready to move on?

Gary Ricke  11:16  
Okay, okay, so let's see back to our status here, and then, what were we open items? Yeah, so that's BIOS we talked about that settle all yellow flag discussion items. So these are just things that you guys are going to work on. Yeah?

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  11:41  
Yeah, Angie was going to, she had a lot of questions when I, I didn't even show her the website, she just had a lot of questions from the get go about, well, gosh, I have donors who one of the major things, and I don't think I included in the notes, but something to note is that a lot of the donors will go back and visit and ask about the reflections.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  12:07  
Oh, devotions.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  12:08  
Devotions. Thank you. They, they rely on the devotions, and they like to flip in between the devotion so I think we need to maybe keep those somewhere. If they if that was already a plan, then that's great

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  12:24  
back and forth on that, right?

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  12:26  
Okay,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  12:28  
because they're all dated former employees,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  12:31  
okay,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  12:32  
Gary,

Gary Ricke  12:33  
well, but to that end, though, let me go back to let's just go really quick, back over to the news here, or the stories, is that what I did is I did a right here. So I did a top 10 pages, and some of them that people are visiting our devotions. This was one of them. And it really took me literally five minutes to rebuild that really boring devotion into this nice, beautiful version with quotes and links. So that's kind of what I was planning on doing, is that I'll just continue to go back through all the most popular pages and just rebuild them into blog pages.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  13:16  
Okay? And

Gary Ricke  13:16  
again, this is a five minute effort per page,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  13:20  
okay?

Gary Ricke  13:21  
So we can start to bring some of those back,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  13:24  
okay? And then for me, not knowing an apple to an apple maybe, and you will see that and go, Wow. Okay, this is amplifying the devotions, actually, okay.

Gary Ricke  13:38  
And again, we can, we can work the donation aspect into it a lot better. We'll look to see this one, this one, this one has the healing group integrated,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  13:48  
okay?

Gary Ricke  13:49  
Devotional series, all posts, yeah,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  13:53  
okay. Well, that answers that question. Sorry, you can move forward with

Gary Ricke  13:57  
Okay, cool, to status here, let's see this was yellow flag so native ways, right? Military healing, framing, native General. Weightless. Auto list, okay? Auto email. Now, so I guess, yeah, this just looks like things that you guys have to work on internally.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  14:29  
Yeah, Roberta had some questions about that. I mean, we deleted several and she was like, Is this AI, or is this something, you know, like, where did he pull the dates from? Like, the meeting at Roberta house.

Gary Ricke  14:42  
Oh, that was me

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  14:42  
demonstrating,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  14:43  
demonstrating, okay,

Gary Ricke  14:45  
that was that's gone, but I was demonstrating at one point just how easy it is to add. And I

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  14:51  
think she might have had a question about, like, how do we keep that updated? You might have already answered this in a prior meeting. So no,

Gary Ricke  15:04  
I did not, I did not do that, but I did go back. And so I gotta, I, let me, let's go back to it. So I did go back and saw that there was some new ones, and I updated those. That's interesting. Healing groups. I think there should be healing groups in the navigation. So, yeah, so I added a couple of new ones. Well, actually, I think I only added this November one, but I I'm going to build a tool that allows Roberta to edit these, to add ones by default, anything just goes off automatically. So once the date passes, it just removes itself automatically.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  15:55  
Okay, good. She had a question about that too. She's like, okay, that EA might just take care of. You know, Winnebago was up there.

Gary Ricke  16:04  
Yes, so, yeah, so these will just naturally come off, but I will create something to make it easy to add new ones in.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  16:12  
Okay, great. Thank you,

Gary Ricke  16:14  
yeah, yeah, but, yeah, I think, I think I don't have healing groups up here in the nav. I think we should have a healing

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  16:22  
Yeah, you should probably that would be, yeah, good suggestion. Like healing groups. Find a healing group up on top. What do you think, Robert, that you can just click on it, because a lot of people, I don't know, my brain is going in a couple different directions. I think that, yes, that's valid and important to be able to just click on it. I don't think that finding a healing group you should click any more than twice. And it sounds like if you can make that happen with one click, that's perfect.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  16:54  
So I do have a quick question, Gary, if we get a really good website that it's easy to find healing groups on here, especially online, right? I'm wondering, some point, could we get rid of Lim hope.org The reason we have Lim hope.org is trying to send someone to lutheranindian ministries.org. Is, is a long one. So at one point, Paul was looking at the Lim, you know, different versions, lim.org, or whatever, a shorter one. But I think someone purchased it. Is there a way to look and see if we could find a shorter way to get to our website,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  17:32  
or things you type in that will bring you to us? I guess, is maybe what?

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  17:38  
Well, if I said, jaylene, go to lutheranindianministries.org, that's long versus to go to Lim something,

Speaker 4  17:46  
yeah,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  17:49  
you know, that's another topic that, now that you mentioned it for search engine, we did a little bit of researching Roberta did, and then I got on and I typed in because we were looking for ministries to, you know, if there are ministry groups that we should be aware of, native ministry groups nationwide that we should be aware of and joining, or, you know that that whole where do we set up a booth conversation, Robert and I typed in native ministries. And the couple different times that I typed it in, Lim, website didn't come up at all. Lim at not even the website. Just as an organization, we didn't come up under Indian or Native ministries, which is curious to me. So there's a whole conversation like interesting.

Gary Ricke  18:40  
I think what we should do in that regard is do a little bit of research and find out what people are searching for. So I'll add that to my notes, but I can, I can run a little research to get what kind of keywords should we be found. And then to that point, what we'll want to do is add some, to some degree keywords, maybe, but you kind of have to build content out around those keywords and incorporate it more into the narrative of your site to get found by those by those other terms. So you're you think the question too, like native Ministries is a good question, yeah, what's the search volume on that? Did you guys look to get a sense for how much that's being searched?

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  19:24  
No, I did not. I don't know how to tell that, but when I typed in native ministries, I have it. Oh, whoops that. I think I kept it pinned on my on my internet, I just typed in the word native and ministries, that's all. And

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  19:57  
yeah,

Gary Ricke  19:57  
just did that here,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  19:58  
yeah, and you know, you'll see missionaries to the Native Americans, Native ministry, and then you'll see, you know, a pastor out of Cherokee, I think he did. I mean, I looked, I took it like I totally got lost in his website. I was like, wow, what are they doing? And it was really interesting, what they're doing. But what I learned was the first Bible ever printed in North America, including USA, was a Bible that was translated into, think it's Cherokee. It was translated into a native language, maybe the first book even published, but it was certainly the first Bible, yeah.

Gary Ricke  20:46  
But when you look at these results that are coming up, these are pages and websites committed to native ministries, right? This is native Ministries International,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  20:56  
yeah,

Gary Ricke  20:57  
native ministry.org so what we should do is we should research to see how many people are searching for that. Because what we really need to do is we need to create content around those terms. So if these terms weren't

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  21:09  
okay,

Gary Ricke  21:09  
we're not being found. And these guys are always going to come up first, because their URL is native ministry.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  21:16  
So jaylene, jaylene, can you? Can you take a note of what he just did, as far as a search, because I've been asking Gary for a while that we should know of all the major native ministries out there, and we should be reaching out to them with targeted information.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  21:30  
Yeah, yeah, Roberta and I are are looking at that. Was what started the conversation was we were searching for just that. We're building that list to see where we should be partners. There you go. Because if you actually

Gary Ricke  21:44  
so, the best thing you could ever do is you could actually reach out to these places and say, Hey, should we share links with each other so we can if they're like, Yeah, let's do that. So if they put a link on their website to us and we put one on there, then that really makes sure you get found, because it shows a connection and a partnership.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  22:03  
Okay? Note of Huh,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  22:07  
well, one of the things to consider Gary is we're not the only native industry out there, but it feels like we are right, and nobody knows about us in the last few years. So many of these our goal is, if we connect with them and they come to a healing group. They're already in the communities. They're already doing ministry. They could, we're giving this away. So if they run with it, huge home run for us.

Gary Ricke  22:31  
Yeah, yeah.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  22:34  
Okay, so Sherry, you are reach out Sherry, you get to know the exact ask.

Gary Ricke  22:44  
Well, I'll also try to do some research as well and see what I come up with, some some kind of, you know, some deep research on who the other organizations that we should be aware of and maybe connecting with. Okay,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  23:01  
okay,

Gary Ricke  23:02  
let's see. What else were we talking about, open discussion items. So, yeah, so, so you had you have some open discussion items to continue to continue to go through. We have our kind of target dates. What other questions do you have?

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  23:23  
One second. Let's see. Let me. Let me go through real quick. We have we have other questions, but I think they might be more internal. But let me, if you could open up that document that I sent you,

Gary Ricke  23:44  
sure, yep.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  23:46  
Now I lost my how I lost my note taker? Right there I'm trying to type on your screen, like, wait a second, that's not mine. Oh, not this one, if you go to the second the other, the that one.

Speaker 5  24:16  
Okay,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  24:17  
so this is our I will add to this any conversations that we need to have. And I think that these are the these are the unanswered, unresolved, like we gave you everything. Here's the edits, throw it through your AI and make those changes for sure, and then this document is for further discussion, like we didn't give you direction. Gary on these, because I think we need to understand it better ourselves, maybe, or ask you so. So it starts from the top. Find a healing group where, where's the script? Please visit lim.org, or, you know, how do you? How do you find it? And we, and that was you answered that one like we probably need to put that on the button so I can add in the next steps that Gary is going to you know that track it that way. Does that make sense?

Gary Ricke  25:16  
Yes. So just something that's a little easier to consider that if you did this on a Google Doc, then you don't need to, then we could be updating in real time. We don't have to send documents around. That

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  25:29  
would be helpful. And we are still figuring out all things technology for what we're using. I'm having pretty

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  25:41  
good with Google Docs, and she can send out the link. So let's just ask Roberta to do that. Transition that into a Google Doc. Should do that hard. Yeah.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  25:49  
Okay, so for right now, that's an easy, quick update. Become a facilitator, see Roberta do we need to add a different section that states Lim. So

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  25:59  
you guys. I hate to say this, but I'm not sure if I'm having allergies. You'll see I'm moving around. Bill Slayton said he left a check here for me to reimburse for Gary. So Gary, can we switch just for a little bit on the what you were working for with Celebrate Recovery? Because I think, no, he didn't. He tried to send it to me, but he didn't, and when I spoke to him last night, he wasn't sure if it was done, not done, what needs to happen. I said, let me talk to Gary, because I think the email, he's ready to send out the email, and I wasn't sure if it's ready to go, but they're getting kind of excited to send it. I'm sorry to barge in jaylene, but I'm

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  26:41  
gonna run again, a quick cup of coffee.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  26:43  
Okay, yeah, that looks good,

Gary Ricke  26:47  
yeah. So, um, so here is the the page. I kind of designed this logo that what's her name? How come I'm blanking on her name?

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  26:59  
Beth. Liz.

Gary Ricke  27:01  
Liz Elizabeth, yes, so I talked with her on Friday, and that was a really nice discussion, just because once she got a new guitar, which is totally cool, but

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  27:14  
yeah,

Gary Ricke  27:15  
I made it really easy for her to take reservation, to take these reservations and have them automatically. I'm going to finish this up today, where, whenever somebody registers so we don't have to use a job form, we're going to use this. We went through this together, we made all kinds of changes to capture data, and then when somebody submits this, it's going to go directly into a Google sheet so she doesn't have to manually move them all in, which is what she's doing now. So that'll be done today. She was going to send me a logo that was going on the t shirt so that I could change this logo. So I'll follow up with her and see where that's coming and then. But yeah, this, I have a couple more things to tweak, but it looks like like we're really close to goal to then turn this live

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  28:02  
when they register. Did you make it where they take credit card? Did they want that?

Gary Ricke  28:07  
Well, because she because they don't have any of the we can do that, but they don't have and I think it's worth getting, but they don't have any of the means by which we can take a reservation. They don't have stripe and they should really set something up to take credit cards that I

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  28:26  
thought. I thought that was simple, because it just goes into a checking account. It'd be so much easier to register one and done,

Gary Ricke  28:33  
that's right. So I sent a list of all the things that we can do, and she came back and she goes, we don't have any, we can't do any of that.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  28:41  
Okay, so Liz is a retired nurse, okay, so her ability is might be like mine. So one of the things, and I just want to throw it out there to say, look, I could set up you a credit card authorization. It's $12 a year. They take 3% whatever they do, right? And we could go live accepting credit cards, and it'd be linked to your bank account. It'd be so much easier to register and then be able to print out then, because otherwise I register, what am I supposed to do? Send a check, bring a check, right? No,

Gary Ricke  29:14  
they're going to take money at the event, but I don't think we want to

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  29:18  
know.

Gary Ricke  29:18  
Depend on somebody coming to the event before getting paid. So that's a good call. So I will, I will come up with a proposal that makes it easy for them and manage it. So I'm going to work on that today.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  29:33  
Bill, can you do me a favor?

Gary Ricke  29:35  
Yeah,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  29:35  
can you send Bill Slayton and I an email and just say, here's some things that are pending that you're waiting for, Liz for the emblem, or whatever you're waiting for. Here's my recommendation on and you can even CC her and say that this can go live using credit cards on the website. I don't care if you use PayPal or whatever it gets linked to a checking account, they do charge 3% of the transaction, right? Which you might be able to give an offer of. Would you want to pay that three I've seen that online where it's $10 but you get an option to pay the 3% fee.

Gary Ricke  30:11  
Yes, good idea.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  30:13  
And tell them that you could have that up and running. How long would that take you if you had to make

Gary Ricke  30:18  
in a day?

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  30:20  
Okay, it'd be so much better. And then so when she registers, I was just hearing you say that she's typing it in, then she's transitioning it over into another document. If you have registration, wouldn't it just come out almost in an Excel format, and she could check live registration any minute.

Gary Ricke  30:36  
Well, this is the you see this. This is her document. Yes, I don't know why she's doing it, but this is what she's getting through chat form. And then and then she hand enters everything. So I was going to take this,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  30:46  
yeah, add

Gary Ricke  30:46  
it, add it to a document, and tie it into the registration form that I built. So it's just going to keep automatically.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  30:52  
And does she know that?

Gary Ricke  30:53  
Yeah, she knows that. I told you that was going to do that. So this was when we talked on Friday. Yeah,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  30:57  
so if you could that was good at Friday, if you just tell Bill and I and Liz what steps need to happen, and say, as soon as you get these to me, I could have it turned around the next business day, and then to kind of put it on them. And I'm going to advocate for taking credit card, because part of the value is when that name is on there, you know, they are 100% registered. You don't have to track anyone down for money.

Gary Ricke  31:22  
That's right. That's right. No, I hear you. So there's some, yeah, there's some night. There's some nice email designs, there's ad designs ready to print and take to the printer and all that. So that's all done. Let me just see really quick if I have that linked over here. Yeah, here's the email and print ads. So like, here's the first announcement, the email, here's the second speaker spotlight with this guy. So that's the second email, here's the last call email, and then here's a quarter page ad, and then here is a half page ad, yeah. So

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  32:01  
yeah, so it's one question I have. So Bill has information to be sent out to churches. He has quite an exhaustive list that church is. That's what I understand. He's ready to send it. So my understanding is, so when you he takes that email flyer, which you did, like the other one, he sends that out. They're gonna have all the information they need.

Gary Ricke  32:26  
You talking about the email announcement, or,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  32:28  
yeah, try that the email announcement, because that's what will be sent out. See when I look at that, just my comment, unless he really I don't see Celebrate Recovery on the like main landing page, I see 20 years of healing and hope in Alaska.

Gary Ricke  32:45  
So I can see that here. I can make it bigger well. So here's the thing is that Liz says she has a whole different design that's going to be on the T shirts, and so she wanted me to redesign the logo based on that, and I haven't gotten it from her yet. So that means that is important that we figure out what our core branding is. Because at first, the first design was this CR, because that goes CR and celebrate recovery, which is the core umbrella that goes all over the country. And so I try to incorporate more of the Fairbanks Alaska one. But I could adjust. But I think I got to take into account to whatever she was wanting to it to look like, that's

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  33:28  
fine. So I guess if I open this Celebrate Recovery is there. But I don't know if you want to put it like somewhere where I just can't miss it like along the fact

Gary Ricke  33:39  
that you didn't notice it is something has to be adjusted.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  33:42  
Can you use? Are you using the Bible as well? Like, this is what the if you look at the Celebrate Recovery Bible, this is universal as well. I think,

Gary Ricke  33:49  
oh, okay,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  33:50  
right. Robert,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  33:51  
yeah, that is, they would be using

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  33:54  
podcast. There's, there's free podcast, there's everything that's connected to this book.

Gary Ricke  34:01  
Okay, so yeah, let me dig into that a little bit more, and I will follow up with Elizabeth. Well, whatever

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  34:09  
the Celebrate Recovery program doesn't I think they might use the Bible. I can't remember. But if you look at the National Celebrate Recovery, I don't know if that and those are things that would show I think they do use the Bible. I can't remember in the 12 Steps, but they have little books that they use in addition to the Bible, so I don't know if there's I like what jaylene said that's universally seen, people would recognize that Bible recovery,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  34:34  
if they're looking at it, they would, and then you could almost pull quotes from the Bible Robert, one that might, you know, resonate, and there are like in different sections there. The what's different about this Bible is they have themes and different sections where people share their personal story with Scripture and with the Celebrate Recovery Program.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  34:59  
So here's, here's my thought I want. Cr This is Bill Sladen and Liz. Do with them what you want, right? I'm just it was clear to me. I didn't see the I didn't recognize that. Celebrate Recovery when you made it bigger. I saw it, but I think it needs to be front and center, because people would recognize that, and including the advertisements, newspaper ads, you know,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  35:23  
brand

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  35:25  
20/20, year anniversary, Celebrate Recovery in Alaska. You know, then it really tells me something. But let me have you work with Bill and Liz and just CC me. I'm only staying the in the middle, because sometimes they'll ask me something, or I could say, Hey, did you get that in to him yet he's waiting right because, and then on the credit card, I can advocate for that. And I like if we can put the extra if you want to pay the credit card processing fee and have it populate for me, I would do that.

Gary Ricke  35:58  
Yeah, that's all good stuff. Good feedback, honestly.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  36:01  
And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to go find me some allergy medicine, unless there's anything else you guys need me for.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  36:09  
No, I'd like to continue going through the list, Gary, if we could. So

Gary Ricke  36:14  
I'm going

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  36:15  
to excuse myself, Gary and jaylene, and I will see you guys too. Thank you very much. Bye.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  36:23  
Bye. Okay, so I'm going to go through, and I don't know if it's more helpful for me to share my screen so that I can make any updates as we're going along. It doesn't,

Gary Ricke  36:34  
yeah, we could do that.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  36:35  
Okay, let me. How do I do that? Let's see, share.

Gary Ricke  36:38  
I'll stop

Speaker 1  36:39  
sharing.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  36:40  
Let's not share my screen. Now I'm going between share my see, I can be a little bit dangerous on Zoom because I'm not. I I've never, I've never been like the the person to set it up or monitor it. So how do I share my screen? Right

Gary Ricke  36:58  
now, down in the bottom,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  36:59  
gotcha

Gary Ricke  37:00  
on the bottom of your zoom call, there's and right in the middle there's a Share button

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  37:04  
there. Okay, so Okay, so you see what I'm seeing?

Gary Ricke  37:09  
Yep, I see it now.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  37:10  
Is it large enough?

Gary Ricke  37:12  
Yes,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  37:13  
okay, so I already added answered this one Gary to add this to the so we have that question, where's the script? How to find the help? You know, lim.org, I guess we couldn't. Roberta couldn't find it anywhere, so it was her note. Does that make sense?

Gary Ricke  37:31  
Different time?

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  37:39  
Probably be helpful for Roberta to be here, but I think it was generally how to direct people to find a healing group, because that's the section that we're in. And I think you just, we just touched on that. Yeah, so right now, add that to a drop down that would probably take care of that.

Gary Ricke  37:55  
Well, it is on a drop down now, actually, so under what we do, there's healing groups and find a group,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  38:03  
okay?

Gary Ricke  38:04  
But I would probably opt to just replace that whole thing with just healing groups and the top nav, so you don't have to click the button to see healing groups under what we do. So

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  38:18  
place the what

Gary Ricke  38:21  
replace in the top nav, it goes about, and then there's what we do. And when you click, or when you hover over what we do, you see healing groups and find a group. I think we just change what we do to healing groups, so that you just go to healing groups, and then from there, then you could scroll down and find a group. Probably what I would also add is, instead

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  38:46  
of find a group,

Gary Ricke  38:51  
no, instead of what we do,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  38:55  
oh, okay. Oh, gotcha, okay, yes, I agree. That makes sense. So you would be replacing, not adding. You'd be replacing a drop down,

Gary Ricke  39:06  
just replacing. So you just see healing groups right in the navigation. So that way, if you say, go to, you know, lutheranindian ministries.org, and look for healing groups.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  39:15  
Okay, gotcha. Yeah, it's making any time that we can stop them from making an additional click unnecessarily, yeah, okay, I agree.

Gary Ricke  39:24  
All right,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  39:25  
okay, that takes care of that. And then for this one, become a facilitator for Roberta and to find a better friend on website, do need to add a different section that states Lim will come, where we are invited in that director direct others, to the tribal to the thi website for local facilitators. These are all internal discussions, so I'm going to go so so I'm not sure if, if this was it'd be really helpful for Roberta to be here, because she and I have worked on this, and she's coming from a ministry coordinator perspective. So if these don't make sense to you, like, I I updated this, like, for the stock itself, we should be all you know, sharing to type, be able to type into it.

Gary Ricke  40:22  
Yes, so what, yeah, I think what we could do is we put it on a Google Doc, and then we can make comments on the document itself, and I could say, well, what does this mean? And we can kind of collaborate that way.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  40:35  
Okay, we will do that and invite you. Okay, so I'm going to move on, because I can't answer that today, stories of transportation, missing testimonies, videos in this script, so giving to campus ministry, yeah,

Gary Ricke  40:50  
do you see? We should probably go to the site and see

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  40:55  
okay, let me, okay. So let me, let me stop sharing screen, and then I can keep up with these notes as we're going along, without having to go back and forth. So when you go to give to campus ministry stories of transformation, I guess we didn't see on the script we were working from. If you go to,

Gary Ricke  41:23  
oh, let's see, where do you find give the campus ministry. Where is that

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  41:29  
in your in the you mean on the site, the new site. Or

Gary Ricke  41:33  
let me look at the doc. It's you're saying

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  41:36  
the dockets, page 13, IDX, 076,

Gary Ricke  41:41  
all right, yeah, let me look at that. Let me go into the actual Oh, because that is a Google Doc, so pretty sure. Let's see. Just going quick.

Speaker 4  41:55  
I mind.

Gary Ricke  42:12  
What did I send you guys? I gotta look at what I sent you guys. I oh yes, so I gave you all right, so, all right, let me share my screen. Share my screen here.

Speaker 5  42:57  
Let's see here. Okay,

Gary Ricke  43:00  
one more time. Right, share my screen. Share Desktop. Okay, share that. Okay. Now, over here, this is the page, and let's see your question revolves around which

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  43:18  
go to page 13. Oh, well, you've got, are you are? Yeah, okay, that's happening. Okay,

Gary Ricke  43:26  
so

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  43:27  
missing testimonies and videos in the script

Gary Ricke  43:30  
stories of transformation. Where is stories of transformation in the site?

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  43:35  
Did it move? And we just missed it. We could have done

Gary Ricke  43:38  
no, no, I just, let me just look really quick. So that's what's interesting, is that you can make all this is already, isn't a Google Doc. So if you want to make changes and do comments and all of that, you don't have to send me docs. You don't have to send anything. You don't have to it's already there.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  43:59  
Oh,

Gary Ricke  43:59  
so I just, I just have to know where stories of transformation is, so let me look

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  44:05  
well, will it know that that's, I think for me, this was like an internal document for us, because we still have to have, without flipping back and through 120 page document, I just wanted to pull The sections that we just we needed to figure out. Yeah,

Gary Ricke  44:34  
all right,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  44:35  
and then we can go back, if it's helpful, we can go back into this document and send it to you once we've decided what the Well,

Gary Ricke  44:44  
that's the thing is, you don't have to send anything to me, because you can make changes directly to it, because it's already a Google Doc.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  44:51  
Oh,

Gary Ricke  44:51  
and then, and then, when you say, All right, the edits are done, I just download the doc, put it in, and it makes all the updates. You don't have to send anything. And so if we collaborate and stay on this Google Doc where you have questions, you can just highlight something, and you could click on this comment, or you can link,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  45:09  
did we use it that way or not? We didn't use it as a Google Doc? Did we?

Gary Ricke  45:15  
No, you sent me a Microsoft like a like a regular Word document. And so when you start sending documents around, then you get different versions and different places. You never have to send it. I get it, yeah, okay, all right.

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  45:32  
And

Gary Ricke  45:32  
what's super cool is that if you, if you, if you have a question that you want to call me out, or I want to call you out, you could go like this. You can hit this comment, and then, if you type in at Gary Ricke and and then you write a little comment, and hit comment, I'll get an email message, and it'll tell me you You've asked me something. So you can really do a lot of really easy communications. Those communications are logged against the document, then later somebody else can see, oh, this was asked. This was replied. So you're not kind of searching through a bunch of emails to see what was done and what,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  46:06  
yeah, okay, yeah, no, I get that, and then I will take note of that.

Gary Ricke  46:12  
So here's the question, so stories of transformation, when I go back to the site, this is the stories of transformation, right here, right? So that's what that is. You can see it's in the under testimonials,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  46:25  
okay, so, so it is, what page three. Oh,

Gary Ricke  46:29  
so I'm on the document here. I'm on page, whatever page. This

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  46:33  
is 1313,

Gary Ricke  46:34  
and it says, Why is Roberta there twice. So there's Roberta and here's Robert so I don't see two times.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  46:49  
Okay, that's interesting, because when we went through it, she had two stories in the written section, in the section, maybe not on the website.

Gary Ricke  46:57  
Oh, let's see stories of transformation. That's interesting. It doesn't show those though.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  47:04  
Okay, you know what? We were on the website. So that's weird too, because she had two there were several stories of transportation transformation, like four, three or four, and two of them were hers. When we looked at the website.

Gary Ricke  47:20  
Maybe I'm looking in the wrong place. Maybe I'm in the wrong place. This is on the homepage, though. Ask a light then stories of

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  47:30  
transformation, transformation for more trans more stories or

Gary Ricke  47:35  
no.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  47:36  
Okay, well, then that looks like it's not what we were looking for it then,

Gary Ricke  47:41  
well, maybe you guys were looking somewhere out. I don't know that's weird. Yeah,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  47:45  
we weren't okay. So, okay, so no duplicate noted or not duplicate, no set No. Okay. And then stories of transformation, it says missing testimonies and videos in this script.

Gary Ricke  48:13  
Well, it is, you're right. It's not here, and I don't know why that's the case. So that's true.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  48:19  
Okay, okay, so I'll just say you're looking into i Okay, and then, so I'll just note that when we looked at the website again, there were Only two stories, and there's no second story from Roberta, and it wasn't that she was in there twice, like with the same story. She was in there twice with two different stories, like she had two different stories.

Gary Ricke  49:17  
So I am curious and where she

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  49:19  
might have been looking to her the story itself, and not the

Gary Ricke  49:22  
healing groups. So here is, there's a quote by Roberta.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  49:37  
That's one of them. Yeah.

Gary Ricke  49:50  
So maybe that's the question she was asking, two different that's the same person in two different quotes. I

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  50:01  
think, yeah, two different quotes is fine. Same person is fine. I think it was just the in the section itself. There were two from her in one single section, section. But I'm not seeing that right now, so that's just, so when I talk to Roberta Next, we'll, we'll double check it,

Gary Ricke  50:18  
yeah,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  50:19  
maybe I'm missing the context. So,

Gary Ricke  50:25  
yeah,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  50:25  
it's been a

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  50:26  
while.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  50:28  
Okay, so the next section, there's a lot of Okay, so right here from the field, and I apologize if I know that was a Google Doc that was going to make it easier. I would not have cut and paste and done the separate sec, the separate document, but,

Speaker 2  50:48  
oh, you did all of that work.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  50:50  
Oh, I know, from So, from but, but I did all the work for because for us to have a shortened version, so that we weren't flipping back and forth on 120 page document. I keep having to remind myself. I'm like, No, there was a reason.

Gary Ricke  51:10  
So

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  51:11  
if you look at page 14 from the field stories and updates, can we make the read the devotional a click button or something more prominent. So page 14 on the script. I don't know where to put it, oh, or where it is on the

Gary Ricke  51:30  
Yeah, so I'm just guessing it's so she, she wants this to be buttons instead of this link.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  51:38  
Oh,

Gary Ricke  51:39  
that's what I'm guessing.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  51:41  
Yeah, or something more prominent Yes. Also, where's the script? So I guess we weren't seeing the script on the devotionals. I don't know. Read the devotionals, then we had a discussion on too many clicks to get in and out of this section in general, to connect to the real quotes. Can the watch our story button take us to all videos instead? So that was like the major like, if you go on to so that, so there were two. So that's two different

Gary Ricke  52:24  
so one is to make this a button. I get that the other one

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  52:29  
is

Gary Ricke  52:30  
next,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  52:30  
meaning, if you go to the go to the landing page again, like the, this is

Speaker 2  52:35  
the way.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  52:36  
So if you don't scroll down and know that there's something down there stories

Gary Ricke  52:44  
that's labeled as stories. That's

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  52:45  
okay,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  52:46  
stories, okay,

Gary Ricke  52:47  
oh no, it's not no stories and updates. Oh, interesting.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  52:51  
So it was, yeah, so it was just, how do we get to the devotionals? Yeah, can the watch our story button take us to all videos? Instead, was the other question.

Gary Ricke  53:06  
Let's see,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  53:06  
I don't even see the watch our story.

Gary Ricke  53:09  
Watch right here,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  53:10  
all right there. Watch our story on the top. Okay, so can you click so go back up. Click on watch our story just like say you're on the landing page right there the top. Click on that and it just goes, boom, one story and go back. That's all it does, is jumps to that,

Gary Ricke  53:24  
yeah? Cuz it was because this was from another request before was one of the first meetings they wanted. So this button was in request from an earlier request to have a link to take you to the story right away. You know what I'm saying?

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  53:40  
Yeah, and it's funny because it's right there, right?

Gary Ricke  53:45  
I know, but that's but this is kind of the the bouncing back and forth that you can kind of get into, oh, let's change this. But we changed it last week for a different reason,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  53:56  
exactly, and we don't want to do that, but, but what we wanted was it so? So it goes to here, watch our story, and then you get the the idea that that's the only story that we have. But now you have to scroll, scroll, scroll, scroll down. What we can do

Gary Ricke  54:16  
is we can make, when you click stories here, we can have that go to hear stories and updates. That's

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  54:21  
what we wanted. Yeah, yeah.

Gary Ricke  54:23  
So that's what we'll do. So that kind of eliminates that, that scroll problem,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  54:27  
yeah. So yeah, Gary, to connect, watch our story, do all stories and update videos.

Gary Ricke  54:42  
Well, no, really what I was I want to I'm suggesting we leave watch our story as it is, because that was there for the purpose of making sure that somebody clicks and watches that one key video. So watch our stories button is really there to make sure somebody watches that video. So I wouldn't necessarily change that, but I would change this top navigation link that says stories to take you down to stories and updates.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  55:08  
Okay, so what happens when you click on the stories right now? Can you click on that?

Gary Ricke  55:12  
It takes you to stories of transformation instead of and this is really testimonial. So if you wanted to call this

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  55:26  
confusion of the word stories,

Gary Ricke  55:30  
well, I think stories of transformation is fine. I just don't think it's really this stories. These stories are these stories. Stories of transformation is really a way of talking about testimonials, which is what these are. These are really testimonials. And it's just kind of giving you a little bit more context to what these testimonials are intended to convey. They're transformative stories, and we don't have navigation, so you'll come across this if you're scrolling. And we did have to cut some navigation, because the navigation is kind of big. So I think instead of having this, go to the stories of testimony, telling the testimonials, it really just takes you to these, because these are going to build out, and we're going to have a lot

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  56:13  
of these

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  56:15  
eventually, okay, so go to stories and updates, instead of,

Gary Ricke  56:19  
instead of stories of transformation. Okay,

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  56:21  
alright, got it, Okay, moving right along. That that works, yeah, and that create that helps the discussion on too many clicks to get in and out of the section to read quotes. Let's see, can the watch our story button take us to all videos? Okay, and then we were missing the script.

Gary Ricke  56:46  
So what's so?

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  56:47  
So can, would it be helpful for these? So these, these are more directed towards you, and is it? Is it easier for us so you're not tracking off of two different documents? If I cut and paste these questions into like, if you could send us another Google Doc with the one that we just sent you and make that the new Google Doc? I

Gary Ricke  57:11  
don't know. I mean, I think we're probably, I have to go to a next

Speaker 3  57:13  
call.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  57:14  
This is not a ton of things. Yeah,

Gary Ricke  57:16  
no, but I do there's a lot of here. There really is a lot here, and I think we need to go through it just like we're doing it now to have a discussion.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  57:23  
Okay, yes, thank you. Okay, so discussion on too many clicks to get in and out of this section to read the quotes. Okay, so that means the quotes, can the watch our story button, take us to all videos and said, I think we just, you just said that this would resolve that, right?

Gary Ricke  57:43  
There's a couple of things here.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  57:45  
Read the devotional. Can we make read the devotional? Click button that was, that was one or something more prominent. So that's like,

Lutheran Indian Ministries LIM  57:54  
that's

Gary Ricke  57:54  
already solved. Because we'll, I'll make that a button. That's not a problem, yeah. But where's the script that's confusing to me. I don't

Speaker 2  58:03  
know.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  58:03  
Yeah, I discussion to me, so the script? Are you seeing the script? You don't answer. You're not sure what that question means.

Gary Ricke  58:15  
Yeah, I'm not sure what that means, because there

Speaker 2  58:17  
are

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  58:17  
let's let me ask Roberta, and we can move on.

Gary Ricke  58:25  
So that's we just not near this where the script is now discussion on too many clicks to get in out of this section, so it'll cover that when the stories click, so that'll be taken care of. And can the watch our button take us to all videos? And I think what we decided is no. We wanted to stay where it was intended to, to make sure that somebody watches the about video. So I'd say we would keep it like that. So I think we're going to have to have another session where we go through this together, because I

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  58:53  
have to, we're going to have to, yeah, and it's, it's 10 o'clock. I want to be respectful of your time a lot. Most of these we will be having internal conversations between now and the next time we meet so and because we already have this vehicle, I'll update the sections and send it to you again. It's a conversation internal document, okay?

Gary Ricke  59:14  
All right, thank you.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  59:17  
Thank you. All right,

Gary Ricke  59:18  
good. Rest of your day.

JaylenePeterson-Nyren  59:19  
You too. Bye,

Speaker 2  59:20  
All right, bye, bye, bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
